# Operating-Platforms

The gaming room is a client seeking development of an online multiplayer drawing game called Draw it or Lose it. The goal was to design and implement a cross platform gaming experience, allowing users to play the game on different platforms. The client stressed the importance of security and seamless communication between platforms. I think what I did well was laying out the evaluation of characteristics, advantages, and disadvantages of each operating platform. I did a lot of research into each platform for this part of the assignment and felt I learned more about each specific OS system architecture and the pros/cons of each. I also found this part particularly helpful in my overall recommendation because it helped give me a better picture of each OS system. This better picture allowed me to give an informed recommendation. 

If I could choose one part and revise, I think I would choose the design constraints portion. I think I should have gone more in depth on this portion and given a better overview of the design constraints, which would have helped a lot more when it came to giving a recommendation to the client on which platform to choose. This was a good section to compare to the client’s needs. The client seemed to care more about security and cross platform compatibility than anything else and with those in mind, windows seemed like the clear choice. 

It's important to consider the user's needs when designing as well, because it is fundamental in creating a successful and user-friendly product. If we want the software to have long-term success, then we must think of the users that will be the ones using the software. For my approach in designing this software I took in the client's needs, the user's needs, and the research into the OS systems I did to help get a picture of the best design method for Draw It or Lose It.
